content/publication/failed.md, before:

---
title: "Bullets to Bargains: Wartime Coup Attempts in Civil War Management and Resolution"
authors:
- admin

date: "2024-03-01T00:00:00Z"
doi: ""
weight: 2

# Schedule page publish date (NOT publication's date).
publishDate: "2024-03-01T00:00:00Z"

# Publication type.
# Accepts a single type but formatted as a YAML list (for Hugo requirements).
# Enter a publication type from the CSL standard.
publication_types: ['paper-conference']

# Publication name and optional abbreviated publication name.
publication: "Invited to resubmit, *Journal of Conflict Resolution*; ISA-Midwest 2024; MPSA 2025"
publication_short: 

abstract: How do wartime coup attempts affect the conflict management and resolution of civil wars? Despite extensive research on rebel group instability, the impact of government instability remains underexplored. I argue that coup attempts—whether successful or failed—increase the chances of ceasefires but decrease those of peace agreements. Following coup attempts, both coup-installed leaders and surviving incumbents become preoccupied with preventing subsequent coups, as they increase the risk of future challenges. This shift leads them to divert resources from fighting rebels toward coup-proofing, which in turn increases the chances of ceasefires. Ceasefires are particularly likely with rebel groups who rely heavily on civilian support, as they seek to bolster their legitimacy. Nevertheless, coup attempts heighten uncertainty about the government’s ability to retain power and uphold commitments, reducing the chances of peace agreements. The hypotheses are supported by tests using datasets on ceasefires and peace agreements from 1989 to 2012. 

# Summary. An optional shortened abstract.
summary: Invited to resubmit, **_Journal of Conflict Resolution_**. Wartime coup attempts have two contrasting impacts—they increase the chances of short-term conflict management but reduce the chances of long-term conflict resolution.

tags:
- Working papers
featured: false

# links:
# - name: ""
#   url: ""
url_pdf: "https://drive.google.com/file/d/1KMVMxFs-smJZ8buhHawl9ybfYP1ArCyf/view?usp=share_link"
url_code: 
url_dataset: ''
url_poster: ''
url_project: ''
url_slides: ''
url_source: ''
url_video: ''

---

Commit message:

Revise summary with award details
Updated the summary to include award recognition and improve clarity.

content/publication/failed.md, after:

---
title: "Bullets to Bargains: Wartime Coup Attempts in Civil War Management and Resolution"
authors:
- admin

date: "2024-03-01T00:00:00Z"
doi: ""
weight: 2

# Schedule page publish date (NOT publication's date).
publishDate: "2024-03-01T00:00:00Z"

# Publication type.
# Accepts a single type but formatted as a YAML list (for Hugo requirements).
# Enter a publication type from the CSL standard.
publication_types: ['paper-conference']

# Publication name and optional abbreviated publication name.
publication: "Invited to resubmit, *Journal of Conflict Resolution*; ISA-Midwest 2024; MPSA 2025"
publication_short: 

abstract: How do wartime coup attempts affect the conflict management and resolution of civil wars? Despite extensive research on rebel group instability, the impact of government instability remains underexplored. I argue that coup attempts—whether successful or failed—increase the chances of ceasefires but decrease those of peace agreements. Following coup attempts, both coup-installed leaders and surviving incumbents become preoccupied with preventing subsequent coups, as they increase the risk of future challenges. This shift leads them to divert resources from fighting rebels toward coup-proofing, which in turn increases the chances of ceasefires. Ceasefires are particularly likely with rebel groups who rely heavily on civilian support, as they seek to bolster their legitimacy. Nevertheless, coup attempts heighten uncertainty about the government’s ability to retain power and uphold commitments, reducing the chances of peace agreements. The hypotheses are supported by tests using datasets on ceasefires and peace agreements from 1989 to 2012. 

# Summary. An optional shortened abstract.
summary: Invited to resubmit, **_Journal of Conflict Resolution_**; recipient of the **_2025 ISA-Midwest Lynne Rienner Award for Best Graduate Student Paper**_. Wartime coup attempts have two contrasting impacts—they increase the chances of short-term conflict management but reduce the chances of long-term conflict resolution.

tags:
- Working papers
featured: false

# links:
# - name: ""
#   url: ""
url_pdf: "https://drive.google.com/file/d/1KMVMxFs-smJZ8buhHawl9ybfYP1ArCyf/view?usp=share_link"
url_code: 
url_dataset: ''
url_poster: ''
url_project: ''
url_slides: ''
url_source: ''
url_video: ''

---
